fix(cli): don't panic when a crate version couldn't be parsed (#5873)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/cli-info.md

---
"cli.rs": "patch"
---

> Fix `tauri info` panicing when parsing crates version on a newly created project without a `Cargo.lock`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix `tauri info` panicking when parsing crates version on a newly created project without a `Cargo.lock` file.
```
